[Concept entry] Kotlin Objects.md (#2328)
Codecademy/docs: content/kotlin/concepts/Objects/Objects.md

---
Title: 'objects'

> Description: 'Concept for objects declaration in Kotlin language'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Kotlin object declaration is a special type of declaration that allows the creation of a single instance of a class, commonly known as a singleton.'
```
Description is a description of the term, not the entry.

Subjects: 
  - 'Mobile Development'
Tags:

>   - 'android'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'Android'
```

>   - 'kotlin'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'Kotlin'
```

>   - 'object'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'Objects'
```

Author: Thanks. I gonna work on all of that right now.

CatalogContent: # Please use course/path landing page slugs, rather than linking to individual content items. If listing multiple items, please put the most relevant one first
  - 'learn-kotlin'

>   - 'www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-kotlin'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'paths/computer-science'
```

---

> **Kotlin object** declaration is a special type of declaration in Kotlin that allows you to create a single instance of a *class*, commonly known as a **Singleton**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kotlin **`object`** declaration is a special type of declaration that allows the creation of a single instance of a class, commonly known as a singleton.
```
Note, we avoid first and second person pronouns in Docs.

## Syntax

> **Pseudocode**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This is not how to declare pseudocode.

> ~~~

Reviewer: ````suggestion

```pseudo
````
Code blocks in markdown are set off with triple backticks.

> object MiObject {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
object MyObject {
```

    val property: Type = value

    fun myFunction() {
        // Function Implementation
    }
}

// Use of the object
MyObject.property
MyObject.myFunction()

> ~~~

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```

````

The object declaration combines the definition of the class and the creation of its instance into a concise and powerful construct.

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Replace this with a line break.

> ## 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example

```

> **Example**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ~~~

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```
````

object HelloKitty {
  fun sayHello(name: String) {
    println("Hi, $name!")
      }
        }
        
fun main() {
   HelloKitty.sayHello("Liany<3")
    }

> ~~~

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```

````

> In this example, we have an object called "HelloKitty" that contains a method called "sayHello". The "sayHello" method takes a String parameter called "name" and displays the message "Hi, name!" on the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows an object called `HelloKitty` that contains a method called `sayHello`. The `sayHello` method takes a `String` parameter called `name` and displays the message `Hi, name!` on the console.
```
Again, avoiding first and second person pronouns.

> The console print:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The following is printed to the console:
```

> Hi, Liany<3!

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```shell
Hi, Liany<3!
```
````

---
Title: 'objects'
Description: 'Kotlin object declaration is a special type of declaration that allows the creation of a single instance of a class, commonly known as a Singleton.'
Subjects: 
  - 'Mobile Development'
Tags:
  - 'Android'
  - 'Kotlin'
  - 'Objects'
CatalogContent: # Please use course/path landing page slugs, rather than linking to individual content items. If listing multiple items, please put the most relevant one first
  - 'learn-kotlin'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> \

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Kotlin **`object`** declaration is a special type of declaration that allows the creation of a single instance of a class, commonly known as a Singleton.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Kotlin **`object`** declaration is a special type of declaration that allows the creation of a single instance of a class, commonly known as a Singleton.
```

## Syntax

> ```Pseudo

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```pseudo
````

object MyObject {
    val property: Type = value

    fun myFunction() {
        // Function Implementation
    }
}

// Use of the object
MyObject.property
MyObject.myFunction()
```

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The object declaration combines the definition of the class and the creation of its instance into a concise and powerful construct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The object declaration combines the definition of the class and the creation of its instance into a concise and powerful construct.
```

> ## Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example

```

```
object HelloKitty {
  fun sayHello(name: String) {
    println("Hi, $name!")
      }
        }
        
fun main() {
   HelloKitty.sayHello("Liany<3")
    }
```

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> This example, shows an object called `HelloKitty` that contains a method called `sayHello`. The `sayHello` method takes a `String` parameter called `name` and displays the message `Hi, name!` on the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This example, shows an object called `HelloKitty` that contains a method called `sayHello`. The `sayHello` method takes a `String` parameter called `name` and displays the message `Hi, name!` on the console.
```

> The following is printed to the console:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The following is printed to the console:
```

---
Title: 'objects'

> Description: 'Kotlin object declaration is a special type of declaration that allows the creation of a single instance of a class, commonly known as a Singleton.'

Reviewer 2: I don't think the issue for this entry was specific regarding what should and shouldn't be addressed about objects. But, I think this entry could take a broader approach and include the other ways in which objects are used, such as object expressions and companion objects. Please revise this entry to include the other functions of objects in the kotlin language.

Author: Understood. I'm going to expand the entry and add the other definitions (and examples) about Kotlin Objects. I hope I can do it tomorrow. Thank you so much @caupolicandiaz.
